[Music]
12 amazing facts about famous Legos you
didn't know about first of all did you
know that the star was Legos er no no no
I'm sir what its logos not Lego logos
not Legos yeah oh nevermind I kept at
the time 12 amazing facts about famous
logos you didn't know we see emblems of
well-known companies every day but we
rarely think about their origins and
real meanings do you know why the Apple
in the Apple logo is bitten but not
whole what do the colors in the BMW logo
symbolize we found 12 stories that
uncover and explain little secrets of
logos we all know very well counting
down from number 12 Amazon this logo is
absolutely mind-blowing ever notice the
arrow that connects the a with Z yes it
does look like a smile but it also shows
that Amazon sells everything from A to Z
however the logo hasn't always looked
like this earlier instead of the arrow
the Amazon was simply underlined but
after they started selling more products
it was time to make some changes number
11 Ferrari many people think that the
Ferrari logo represents horse power but
that's not true in his biography Enzo
Ferrari mentions that the horse
silhouette was initially painted on the
plane of a famous Italian ace pilot
Francesco Baracca Enzo met Francesco's
mother who asked him to put the horse on
his cars for good luck Enzo agreed and
added the canary yellow background
number ten Apple there is a popular
misconception that the Apple logo was
dedicated to an English mathematician
and computer scientist Alan Turing you
might have seen a movie about him with
Benedict Cumberbatch in the leading role
Turing ended his life by eating a
poisoned Apple in fact the real history
behind the logo is not as a music
designer rob.jenn off says that he chose
the bitten Apple to show its dimensions
you see a whole Apple can be confused
with any other round shaped fruit you're
right that's not as amusing
oh well number nine
Wikipedia okay first things first the
logo of the worldwide encyclopedia is
earth makes sense right it consists of
different pieces and each of them is
labeled with letters from different
languages all together they make the
word Wikipedia and now is the best part
the logo is incomplete which indicates
the very essence of that Wikipedia
project the encyclopedia is incomplete
and it's constantly being updated and
anyone no matter what their language is
can make a contribution number eight
BMW there's a popular myth that the BMW
logo symbolizes an airplane propeller
and even some company employees share
this opinion however it's not true BMW
stands for Bavarian motor work and the
logo was simply created from the
national colours of Bavaria which are
obviously blue and white
number seven Pinterest at first this
logo looks very simple but if you take a
closer look at the letter P you'll
notice that it looks a lot like a pin so
Pinterest quite literally pins photos
but does it digitally number nine
Nike one of the simplest and most
recognizable logos in the world is also
of the cheapest it was designed by a
college student for just 35 bucks phil
knight the owner of the company wasn't
even happy with the result at first but
now when this logo and the company
itself
bring him billions of dollars we think
he's doing just fine the logo which many
people simply call the swoosh symbolizes
motion in speed it is often associated
with a wing of Nike the Greek god of
victory number five Lacoste in 1923 Rene
Lacoste a French tennis player was
walking down the street with a captain
of his team Alan Moore and noticed a
crocodile skin suitcase in one of the
shop windows Lacoste and Moore made a
bet that if Rene won the next game Allen
would buy him that suitcase Lacoste lost
but a journalist heard of this story and
wrote a piece about the tennis player
who hadn't won but fought like a
crocodile
that was how Lacoste got his nickname
and his company later received the
emblem of this reptile number for
Starbucks in the beginning Starbucks was
a small coffee shop in Seattle the
founders wanted to make a logo that
would somehow represent the seafaring
history of the city
they created a logo with a topless
mermaid holding two tails later when the
company expanded they had to censor the
logo so now her breasts are covered by
her long hair
number three Pepsi unlike the previous
one the Pepsi logo cost an unimaginable
$1,000,000 you could ask hmmmm what did
they spend this money on well the answer
is not quite certain the agency that
Pepsi hired to develop the latest logo
explained that it represented the theory
of relativity Fung Shui geo dynamics and
many many more the only question is what
do all these things have to do with a
soft drink which is a very good question
number two McDonald's in 1962 McDonald's
hired Lewis chessmen to develop a new
logo for the company his idea was to
replace the speedy the cook logo with
golden arches making an M that we know
very well today
he explained that such a shape resembles
female breasts and makes you hungry Oh
again with the breasts okay
female breasts coffee and hamburgers oh
yeah I get the connection well we're not
entirely sure it works that way but what
we are sure of is that now you won't be
able to unsee it every time you look at
the logo by the way Cheska n-- was a
psychologist so maybe this fact explains
everything
and number one metro-goldwyn-mayer yes
they were going to use female breasts
too but they couldn't get it past the
sensor no that's a lie actually dozens
of poor lions were tortured before the
creators got a perfect shot how could
they do such a terrible thing well that
one's a lie too this is what you could
think if you saw this fake picture that
is now on the internet that is
definitely not how metro-goldwyn-mayer
made their famous logo in fact several
different lions were properly tamed and
trained to roar on cue don't believe the
web no lions or any female breasts were
harmed do you know any more facts about
other logos feel free to share them in
the comment section below share this
video with your friends perhaps they'll
find it interesting too and click
Subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life